<!-- source: https://axpona.com/press-releases/new-stand-outexhibitors/ -->
<!-- signal: marketing -->
<!-- crawled: 2026-04-02T10:05:44.105060 -->

[ Menu ](https://axpona.com/press-releases/new-stand-outexhibitors/#tm-dialog-mobile)

[Buy Tickets](https://axpona.com/register/)

#### APRIL 10 – 12, 2026
Schaumburg Convention Center | Chicago, IL
[Buy Tickets](https://axpona.com/register/)
[BECOME AN EXHIBITOR](https://axpona.com/exhibit/)

* Exhibitors
* Attend
* News
* About

#  Press Releases
[< Home](https://axpona.com/press/)
#  AXPONA 2025 WELCOMES 40+ NEW EXHIBITORS AND STAND-OUT RETURNING EXHIBITORS SHOWCASING THE VERY BEST IN HIGH-END AUDIO GEAR APRIL 11-13
March 12, 2025
**(Schaumburg, IL, February 19, 2025) – –** Now in its 16th year, [**AXPONA**](http://www.axpona.com/)**(Audio Expo North America)** will return **April 11-13** to the [Schaumburg Convention Center](https://www.schaumburgconventioncenter.com/) offering three jam-packed days of incredible sounds, technology, seminars, networking and the newest products in the industry from NEW and returning exhibitors .AXPONA is known for featuring world-renowned companies and manufacturers, showcasing the most innovative products and services in the high-end audio industry. It is the place where manufacturers and dealers debut their latest offerings, in a wide variety of price points and mediums.
“AXPONA continues to set the standard for high-end audio events, and this year, we’re thrilled to welcome a record number of new exhibitors. Their presence showcases the innovation, passion, and growth within the industry, making this a can’t miss experience for audiophiles and music lovers alike.” said Liz Smith, Event Director, AXPONA. “We are excited to welcome new exhibitors including ones in our Car Audio Showcase, as well as returning exhibitors that our attendees look forward to seeing year after year.”
The following are some of the first time exhibitors that will be at AXPONA 2025, representing a number of product categories including Speakers, Cables, Headphones, Vinyl, and more: **ATS Acoustics, Audio HiFi Solutions, Audio Sensibility, Audio Solutions, Chesky Audio, Zcoute audio, Fosi Audio, Fourier Sound, JOLIDA Audio, Kii Audio, Linsoul, Master Artist Audio, NAGAOKA, Nirvana Audio, Nobius By Knot Factory Creations, Nuprime Audio, Ocean Audio, Pearl Acoustics, Popori Acoustics, PSI Audio, QSA Lanedri, REL Acoustics America, Revox Deautcschland, Saturn Audio, Scan-Speak A/S, Shokz, Silent Angel, Silent Pound, Sivga Audio, Songer Audio, Sound Insight, Spatial Bass Concepts Inc, Stack Audio, StreamUnlimited, Supreme Acoustic Systems, True Source Audio Distribution, Western HiFi, Z REVIEWS / HifiGuides.com.**
Among these newcomers are **REL Acoustics America** , renowned for their high-performance subwoofers; **Revox Deutschland,** celebrated for their precision audio equipment; **Z Reviews HiFiGuides** , a prominent platform offering in-depth audio gear reviews; **Master Artist Audio** , known for their premier audio solutions from top brands including Burmester, Accuphase and Transrotor ; and **Chesky Audio** , a rising name in speakers founded by Lucca Chesky who is also a musician that plays piano, drums, and guitar. Attendees will have the opportunity to explore these brands’ offerings in dedicated listening rooms, the Expo Hall, and the Ear Gear Experience, immersing themselves in cutting-edge audio experiences.
Long-time exhibitors choose AXPONA to debut their latest innovations to get in front of music lovers , serious buyers and the audio industry. AXPONA will see the debut of the new **STUDIO ELECTRIC M10,** a tall floor-standing loudspeaker with the form factor of an electrostatic, but is, in fact, a dynamic speaker of advanced design and impressive performance. **Quintessence Audio Ltd** will be displaying in three Listening Rooms featuring three state-of-the-art stereo systems including the new **Wilson Audio** WATT/Puppy loudspeakers, the new **Boulder** 1151 mono amplifiers, the new **Clearaudio Master Jubilee** turntable with 2 tonearms, the new **Audio Research** Reference 330M mono tube amps, the new **Stromtank** S6000 battery power source. **Heaven 11 Audio** , founded by award-winning industrial designer Itai Azerad, will showcase the Billie Amp Mk3 for the first time at AXPONA. **Bandwidth Audio** will debut their new 2845 Amplifier, this tube power amplifier features an open loop zero-feedback design while offering the performance and output power of high feedback closed loop push-pull 845 based amplifier.
In addition to incredible new products debuting at AXPONA, the show will also feature**: NEW Car Audio Showcase,** robust **Seminar** schedule, and **Live Music** nightly.
Open to the public, AXPONA offers a variety of ticket options for attendees.
TICKETS:
1 Day – $30 online, $35 onsite
Multi-Day – $60 online, $95 onsite
Gen Z Pass – $15 online, $20 onsite
All general admission tickets grant access to the exhibits including Listening Rooms and Exhibit Hall, as well as educational seminars, live music, and special events.
AXPONA opens Friday, April 11 10am-6pm; Saturday, April 12 10am-6pm; and Sunday, April 13 10am-4pm.
For more information on ticketing and ticketing options, please visit [www.axpona.com/register.asp](http://www.axpona.com/register.asp)
**ABOUT**
AXPONA (Audio Expo North America) is North America’s largest event for audiophiles, manufacturers of high-end audio equipment, musicians and music lovers. The three-day experience features high fidelity listening rooms, providing guests the enviable opportunity to experience the newest technology in high-end consumer audio products. Attendees are encouraged to go from room to room and sit, listen and compare the various systems. The Expo Hall and Ear Gear Experience play host to thousands of products and accessories from cables to headphones to LPs and SACDs. Beyond the exhibits, AXPONA includes live musical performances and educational seminars with industry experts and demonstrations.
For more information including updates on AXPONA’s exhibitors and schedule, visit axpona.com call 203-371-6322.
# # #

**SHOW HOURS:**
Friday, April 10, 2026: 10:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Saturday, April 11, 2026: 10:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Sunday, April 12, 2026: 10:00 AM – 4:00 PM
**LOCATION:**
Renaissance Schaumburg
Hotel & Convention Center
1551 N Thoreau Dr, Schaumburg, IL, 60173

## Privacy Settings
This website uses cookies and similar technologies. They are grouped into categories, which you can review and manage below. If you have accepted any non-essential cookies, you can change your preferences at any time in the settings.
###  Functional
These technologies are required to activate the core functionality of our website.
###  Preferences
These technologies allow our website to remember your preferences and provide you with a more personalized experience.
* OpenStreetMap

Accept all
Reject all
Save