<!-- source: https://axpona.com/press-releases/axpona2025-caraudioshowcase/ -->
<!-- signal: marketing -->
<!-- crawled: 2026-04-02T10:05:45.036487 -->

[ Menu ](https://axpona.com/press-releases/axpona2025-caraudioshowcase/#tm-dialog-mobile)

[Buy Tickets](https://axpona.com/register/)

#### APRIL 10 – 12, 2026
Schaumburg Convention Center | Chicago, IL
[Buy Tickets](https://axpona.com/register/)
[BECOME AN EXHIBITOR](https://axpona.com/exhibit/)

* Exhibitors
* Attend
* News
* About

#  Press Releases
[< Home](https://axpona.com/press/)
#  AXPONA and IASCA Announce Inaugural Car Audio Showcase at AXPONA 2025
January 24, 2025
_Experience the Thrills of High-Fidelity Car Audio at North America’s Largest Audio Show_
CHICAGO, IL – January 22 2025 – [AXPONA](http://www.axpona.com/) (Audio Expo North America), the largest high-end audio event in North America, is excited to announce the debut of its Car Audio Showcase at the 2025 edition, which will be held from April 11-13 at the Schaumburg Convention Center. In partnership with [the International Auto Sound Challenge Association](https://iasca.com/) (IASCA), AXPONA is expanding its footprint to include the growing trend of high-fidelity car audio, offering car enthusiasts and industry professionals a unique opportunity to explore cutting-edge car audio systems and innovations.
“The Car Audio Showcase is a groundbreaking addition that taps into the increasing demand for high-fidelity audio systems in vehicles. As in-car audio technology has evolved dramatically over the past decade, car audio enthusiasts are looking for the same clarity and precision they experience in their home systems,” said Liz Smith, AXPONA. “The Car Audio Showcase will bring these high-end systems into the spotlight, offering attendees an immersive experience like never before.”
“We’re thrilled to be part of AXPONA’s inaugural Car Audio Showcase. Our IASCA team can’t wait to demonstrate the incredible potential of car audio and show the world what’s possible when passion, precision, and technology come together. We’re redefining expectations of automotive sounds and encourage seasoned audiophiles and novices to swing by the showcase for a demo session,” said Travis Chin, President of IASCA.
**A New Level of Sound at AXPONA**
This year’s Car Audio Showcase will feature a thrilling **Sound Quality (SQ) competition** , **live demonstrations** , and **interactive exhibits** highlighting some of the best in-car audio technology from top-tier manufacturers and dealers from around the world.
AXPONA’s live Sound Quality (SQ) competition will feature manufacturers and consumers who will compete for top honors in achieving unparalleled sound clarity and precision in custom-built car audio systems. Competition vehicles will be on the expo floor in a designated area and also be available for spectator demos throughout the show.
Attendees will be able to engage directly with leading car audio brands and see their innovations up close. With interactive displays and hands-on demonstrations, visitors will witness the performance and capabilities of cutting-edge products firsthand. Notable exhibitors include:
* Apex USA
* Audio Wave, USA
* Coherence Systems
* ESB Audio
* Delorean
* Harman International
* Malbork
* Zapco

Open to the public, AXPONA offers a variety of ticket options for attendees.
TICKETS:
1 Day – $30 online, $35 onsite
Multi-Day – $60 online, $95 onsite
Gen Z Pass – $15 online, $20 onsite
All general admission tickets grant access to the exhibits including Listening Rooms and Exhibit Hall, as well as educational seminars, live music, and special events.
AXPONA opens Friday, April 11 10am-6pm; Saturday, April 12 10am-6pm; and Sunday, April 13 10am-4pm.
For more information on ticketing and ticketing options, please visit [www.axpona.com/register.asp](http://www.axpona.com/register.asp)
**ABOUT**
AXPONA (Audio Expo North America) is North America’s largest event for audiophiles, manufacturers of high-end audio equipment, musicians, and music lovers. The three-day experience features 200 high-fidelity listening rooms, providing guests with the enviable opportunity to experience the newest technology in high-end consumer audio products. Attendees are encouraged to go from room to room and sit, listen, and compare the various systems. The Expo Hall and Ear Gear Experience play host to thousands of products and accessories from cables to headphones to LPs and SACDs. Beyond the exhibits, AXPONA includes live musical performances and educational seminars with industry experts and demonstrations.
**###**

**SHOW HOURS:**
Friday, April 10, 2026: 10:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Saturday, April 11, 2026: 10:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Sunday, April 12, 2026: 10:00 AM – 4:00 PM
**LOCATION:**
Renaissance Schaumburg
Hotel & Convention Center
1551 N Thoreau Dr, Schaumburg, IL, 60173

## Privacy Settings
This website uses cookies and similar technologies. They are grouped into categories, which you can review and manage below. If you have accepted any non-essential cookies, you can change your preferences at any time in the settings.
###  Functional
These technologies are required to activate the core functionality of our website.
###  Preferences
These technologies allow our website to remember your preferences and provide you with a more personalized experience.
* OpenStreetMap

Accept all
Reject all
Save