<!-- source: https://axpona.com/register/ -->
<!-- signal: pricing_page -->
<!-- crawled: 2026-04-02T10:05:39.135858 -->

[ Menu ](https://axpona.com/register/#tm-dialog-mobile)

[Buy Tickets](https://axpona.com/register/)

#### APRIL 10 – 12, 2026
Schaumburg Convention Center | Chicago, IL
[Buy Tickets](https://axpona.com/register/)
[BECOME AN EXHIBITOR](https://axpona.com/exhibit/)

* Exhibitors
* Attend
* News
* About

#  2026 Tickets on Sale Now!
#  General Admission
### Your AXPONA ticket includes access to:
* **Over 220 Listening Rooms**
* **The Exhibit Hall Featuring the Record Fair**
* **Ear Gear Experience**
* **Car Audio Showcase**

* **Educational Seminars**
* **Concerts**
* **Special Events**
* **Plus so much more!**

[ Buy Tickets ](https://reg.unityeventsolutions.com/se/AXPONA2026/TIX/)
## Find the right ticket option for you:
### [ 1-Day Ticket  Regular $32 Onsite $40 Buy Tickets ](https://reg.unityeventsolutions.com/se/AXPONA2026/TIX/)
### [ Multi-Day Ticket  Regular $60 Onsite $75 Buy Tickets ](https://reg.unityeventsolutions.com/se/AXPONA2026/TIX/)
### [ Gen-Z Ticket  Ages 15 – 28
(must show ID) Regular $15 Onsite $20 Buy Tickets ](https://reg.unityeventsolutions.com/se/AXPONA2026/TIX/)
### [ Child Ticket  14 & under $0
With Purchase
of Adult Ticket Buy Tickets ](https://reg.unityeventsolutions.com/se/AXPONA2026/TIX/)
### [ Gold Pass  Sold Out! Buy Tickets ](https://reg.unityeventsolutions.com/se/AXPONA2026/TIX/)
### [ Trade Pass  Regular $80 Onsite $90 Buy Tickets ](https://reg.unityeventsolutions.com/se/AXPONA2026/ATT/)
# Gold Pass
### Attendees with the Gold Pass get the ultimate AXPONA experience!
### **Your AXPONA Gold Pass includes the following exclusive perks:**
* Check-in at the Gold Lounge
* Collectors Badge
* Limited edition AXPONA 2026 T Shirt
* Coat Check
* Access to the Gold Hospitality Suite in the Hotel Tower with seating, water, snacks, and a restroom
* Wifi in the Gold Pass Lounge
* Wine & Cheese Reception on Saturday, April 11, 2026, from 5:00 – 6:30 PM with wine, cheese and crudité
* Reserved seating in the evening concerts (first come, first served. Gold Pass Holders must pick up a ticket for the concert).
* Morning Refreshments: coffee, tea, water, nuts, granola bars

[ Buy Tickets ](https://reg.unityeventsolutions.com/se/AXPONA2026/TIX/)
#  Trade & Industry Pass
### The Trade Pass is a three-day pass to attend AXPONA for members of the Hi-Fi Industry including: retailers, distributors, manufacturers and brand reps.
### **The Trade Pass includes the following benefits:**
* **Personalized Trade Badge** – Show your industry credentials with a name badge for easy networking.
* **Access to the Industry Mixer** – Connect with top audio professionals at this exclusive networking event on Thursday, April 9 at 6:00 PM.
* **Trade-Only Networking in the Mobile App** – Use the dedicated messenger feature to schedule meetings and build relationships.
* **Trade-Only Meeting Areas** – Designated spaces for discussions and deal-making.
* **_New!_ Industry Seminars: Audio Industry Track** – Gain insights from experts on trends, technology, and strategies shaping the hi-fi market.

[ Buy Tickets ](https://reg.unityeventsolutions.com/se/AXPONA2026/ATT/)
#  Important Information About Tickets
**Visa Invitation Letters:**
To request a visa invitation letter for AXPONA 2026 please email deanna@jdevents.com. Please allow five business days for us to fulfill your request.
Please note: International attendees may need budget for a new $250 Visa Integrity Fee per person in addition to standard visa costs. We recommend beginning the visa application process at least 4 months before the event to avoid delays.
**Terms & Conditions:**
1. **Refunds & Transfers: **All Ticket sales are final and non-upgradable. No refunds will be given. If you would like to transfer your tickets to someone else, you can simply send tickets you received in your confirmation email to the new recipient.
2. **Badges:** All AXPONA Attendees must have a badge to access the listening rooms, expo hall, and special events. Multi-Day tickets are assigned to one individual. If more than one person will be attending on the same day, each person must have their own one-day ticket for admission.
3. **Child Policy:** Children 14 and under register for a free Child ticket with the purchase of an adult ticket. No strollers allowed and parents take full responsibility of all children.
4. **Animals:** Animals are not allowed at the Show. The only exception is for service animals, which must be kept under control at all times.
5. **Filming:** AXPONA attendees and participants grant their permission to be photographed or recorded by AXPONA members. By entering you inherently grant AXPONA permission to use such images or footage for archival or promotional purposes without compensation or acknowledgment.
6. **Harassment:** AXPONA is committed to fostering an atmosphere where attendees can count on a safe, inclusive, and rewarding experience, and harassment is the opposite of the community we want to create. If you feel harassed or see harassment, please report it to a member of our AXPONA team. Harassment of any kind is unwelcome at AXPONA.
7. **Event Postponement** : In the event AXPONA 2026 is postponed or rescheduled due to a major event, all ticket holders will receive a voucher in the full amount of their registration for the 2027 event or a full refund.
8. **Ticket holder acknowledges** all risks incidental to the event for which this ticket is issued, whether occurring before, during or after the event. Upon admission, the ticket holder agrees to comply with all applicable laws, by-laws, regulations and venue rules. Failure to comply with venue rules may result in ejection from the event. Venue management reserves the right to refuse admission and/or eject any individual whose behavior is believed to be questionable. Ejection cancels this ticket and with that, the holder forfeits any claim to a refund of the ticket price or any associated service or delivery fees. The price displayed on the ticket represents the face value of the ticket and does not include all service and delivery fees where applicable. Lost and/or stolen tickets will not be honored. All orders are final – No refunds, no exchanges. This ticket is for purchase or transfer by electronic means only. Purchase of this ticket from, or sale of this ticket by a third party is not authorized. Tickets not purchase electronically carry risk of being fraudulent. AXPONA is not responsible for any inconvenience caused by unauthorized duplication. In the event that duplicate copies are presented, the venue reserves the right to refuse entry to all ticket holders and may refund the original ticket buyer the face value of the ticket. This refund will represent full reimbursement.
9. **Hold Harmless Policy:** You hereby agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless (and to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law, you hereby expressly release and discharge) (i) JD Events and its equity owners and affiliates; (ii) the Show facility and its owners, affiliates, lessors and lessees; and (iii) official exhibit service contractors and security services (all of the foregoing in clauses (i) through (iii), collectively, “Show Providers”), and each of their respective officers, directors, officials, employees, agents, contractors, and representatives (collectively, “Representatives”) from and against any and all alleged and/or actual claims, actions, lawsuits, proceedings, damages, penalties, demands, losses, expenses, fees (including reasonable attorney fees), costs or liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively, “Claims”), including but not limited to any Claim for property damage and/or personal injury, in connection with, caused by or arising out of the attendance at and/or participation in the Show by (A) you, (B) your Representatives (or any other party acting on your behalf), or (C) any of your servants, invitees, patrons or guests (all of the foregoing in clauses (B) and (C),collectively, “Related Parties”), whether as a result of (i) your or any Related Party’s act, omission, negligence or willful misconduct, (ii) your or any Related Party’s violation of any policy of, or breach or alleged breach of any agreement with, JD Events or any other Show Provider, (iii) your or any Related Party’s violation of any applicable law, regulation, rule, or ordinance, (iv) your or any Related Party’s infringement of any third party rights, including without limitation, the infringement of any patented, trademarked, franchised or copyrighted music, materials, devices or dramatic rights used or incorporated in the Show by you or any Related Party, or (v) otherwise, and in each case, whether or not foreseeable. This provision shall survive any termination or expiration of this agreement.

**SHOW HOURS:**
Friday, April 10, 2026: 10:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Saturday, April 11, 2026: 10:00 AM – 6:00 PM
Sunday, April 12, 2026: 10:00 AM – 4:00 PM
**LOCATION:**
Renaissance Schaumburg
Hotel & Convention Center
1551 N Thoreau Dr, Schaumburg, IL, 60173

## Privacy Settings
This website uses cookies and similar technologies. They are grouped into categories, which you can review and manage below. If you have accepted any non-essential cookies, you can change your preferences at any time in the settings.
###  Functional
These technologies are required to activate the core functionality of our website.
###  Preferences
These technologies allow our website to remember your preferences and provide you with a more personalized experience.
* OpenStreetMap

Accept all
Reject all
Save